1.	 
1.	Designing and selling unique furniture Supellectilem
2.	Redefining the character of furniture (Unique furniture for the artistic mind)
3.	Artistic furniture
4.	Young, “Upper-class” hipsters
5.	People looking for a unique way to express creativity with/in their homes. Showing images of hot furniture in the home. 
6.	Looking for a product
7.	Familiar
8.	No
9.	Yes
10.	Yes, yes, yes!
11.	We need to introduce
12.	They need background information. Perhaps include advice from interior design team.
13.	Uniqueness, aesthetics, product quality, advice on style
14.	Broad variety of styles.
15.	Common questions about shipping. Warranty. Do you accept custom requests.
2.	The placement and size of the logo at the top center of the screen draws the attention, while large photos of the furniture conveys the primary purpose of the website. Various quotations are sprinkled throughout the website to give the customer an idea of the passion behind our business. The sliding of the images onto the screen draws the eyes to the movement, keeping them engaged until the hit the sign up section at the bottom.
3.	
4.	We created Multiple div elements in order for the scroll animation js toact on each one
5.	
6.	The js for the wave animation wrapped each word in a span and moved it up and down on the y axis
7.	
8.	We wrote an active class in the css, and an event on each card that if, the card is clicked on, the active class is apllied on that card, which would then have a flex 1.0 and reoves it from the others would have now have an 0.5
9.	
10.	We used larger font sizes in the ethos for the opening and closing lines to attract the readers attention to the "unique" and "you" qualities
11.	
12.	We made a nav that included a link of "contancts" that would take the user down to the table at the bottom of the page where the contact information is
13.	
14.	The js search bar applies the active class of the second element in the css that makes it grow to 250px
15.	
16.	The scroll class in the js makes it so that it places the element outside the page along the x until it is called back in and transitions to its normal location
17.	
18.	We used a list in the middle of the page to insert "quotes" from various "persons"
19.	
20.	We used two flex boxes with center aligned content to give the image galley a 3 by 2 look, adding a stylistic element
21.	
22.	We made the nav positioning absolute so that it would follow the user down the page
