White Paper
1.	Designing and selling unique furniture Supellectilem
2.	Redefining the character of furniture (Unique furniture for the artistic mind)
3.	Artistic furniture
4.	Young, “Upper-class” hipsters
5.	People looking for a unique way to express creativity with/in their homes. Showing images of hot furniture in the home. 
6.	Looking for a product
7.	Familiar
8.	No
9.	Yes
10.	Yes, yes, yes!
11.	We need to introduce
12.	They need background information. Perhaps include advice from interior design team.
13.	Uniqueness, aesthetics, product quality, advice on style
14.	Broad variety of styles.
15.	Common questions about shipping. Warranty. Do you accept custom requests.
Visual Hierarchy: The placement and size of the logo at the top center of the screen draws the attention, while large photos of the furniture conveys the primary purpose of the website. Various quotations are sprinkled throughout the website to give the customer an idea of the passion behind our business. The sliding of the images onto the screen draws the eyes to the movement, keeping them engaged until the hit the sign up section at the bottom
White paper for luxuryfurniturecompany.com

1)selling luxury furniture

2)Our only mission is to provide our valued clients with the most beautiful, luxurious and mind-blowing products

3)luxury furniture

4)wealthy people

5)They will visit because they are in the market for luxury furniture. We attract and motivate withsmooth design, good photos, and a color scheme that speaks supremacy

6)general information

7)they are familiar

8)no

9)yes, hence the chat box

10)yes, yes, they can do both

11)They are familiar

12)Yes, they are familiar. No, they don’t need background information

13)the high quality and luxurious design with things like like plushness and size

14) our quality product and  excellent customer service, as well as immediate accessibility

15)yes, about the dimension and materials, as well as delivery
